[Applause]
the US president is asked where is the
evidence to support Israel's claim Hamas
is operating from hospitals in Gaza he
said this is a grab bag hours after the
raid on Al shifa Hospital Israel's Army
deleted this video but then reposted it
without the words undeniable truth in
the previous video where the laptop
isn't blurred it appears to show the
image of an Israeli soldier in uniform
soal media users are asking who plays
that laptop there and where are the
alleged Hamas buildings the red
buildings as I mentioned are building
that Hamas is using doctors and medical
staff have rejected claims made earlier
by the Israeli army with some describing
them as fabricated propaganda since
Wednesday the Israeli Army has yet to
show any proof of a Hamas command and
control center that it's repeatedly used
to justify its attacks on alifa hospital
they can pump out um propaganda quasa
evidence that doesn't qualify as
full-fledged evidence and Western media
Outlets Western audiences and
governments will just take that as the
truth it's a baby bottle in a basement
other purported evidence has also been
dismissed at other hospitals where every
terrorist writes his name but they
aren't as the writing showed the names
of days in Arabic not those of people
you can see the tunnel and what the
Israeli Army described as a tunnel was
reported by Palestinians To Be An
Elevator
Shaft this hatch Israel claimed was the
entrance to a Hamas tunnel turns out to
be that of a water reservoir at the
hospital an alaza has found this video
showing the construction of the
reservoir their track record began on
October 7th with the inflated numbers
that were killed which were disproven
and then second you know things like
people being raped and babies being
beheaded all the photos they produced uh
suggesting those things were untrue uh
but again I think that it's it's tied to
the idea that in the west people are
conditioned to believe uh that the
Israelis are one of them they see
themselves in the Israelis so even
though the propaganda is really thin and
the evidence sometimes non-existent um
we're still conditioned to want to
believe the Israelis because we see
ourselves in
them while Us official were saying Sol
that it shouldn't be about an IDF
reoccupation of Gaza as a as a long-term
governance solution Israeli soldiers
raised flags at the occupied beach in
Gaza analysts believe the Israeli
military's misinformation and propaganda
is to help its aims to psychologically
put pressure on people speaking in
support of Palestinians in Gaza and to
project Israel's objectives it's also to
hide the realities of its killings and
Devastation in
Gaza B Javid there